---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ciscoise_node_deployment Data Source - terraform-provider-ciscoise"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  It performs read operation on Node Deployment.
  The API lists all the nodes that are deployed in the cluster.
  Returns basic information about each of the deployed nodes in the cluster like hostname, status, roles, and services.
  Supports filtering on FQDN, hostname, IP address, roles, services and node status.This data source retrieves detailed information of the deployed node.
---

# ciscoise_node_deployment (Data Source)

It performs read operation on Node Deployment.

- The API lists all the nodes that are deployed in the cluster.
 Returns basic information about each of the deployed nodes in the cluster like hostname, status, roles, and services.
 Supports filtering on FQDN, hostname, IP address, roles, services and node status.

- This data source retrieves detailed information of the deployed node.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "ciscoise_node_deployment" "example" {
  provider    = ciscoise
  filter      = ["string"]
  filter_type = "string"
}

output "ciscoise_node_deployment_example" {
  value = data.ciscoise_node_deployment.example.items
}

data "ciscoise_node_deployment" "example" {
  provider = ciscoise
  hostname = "string"
}

output "ciscoise_node_deployment_example" {
  value = data.ciscoise_node_deployment.example.item
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- **filter** (List of String) filter query parameter. 
 
 
 
Simple filtering
 is available through the filter query string parameter. The structure of a filter is a triplet of field operator and value, separated by dots. More than one filter can be sent. The logical operator common to all filter criteria is AND by default, and can be changed by using the 
"filterType=or"
 query string parameter. Each resource Data model description should specify if an attribute is a filtered field. 
 
 
 
 
 
OPERATOR
 
DESCRIPTION
 
 
 
 
 
EQ
 
Equals
 
 
 
NEQ
 
Not Equals
 
 
 
STARTSW
 
Starts With
 
 
 
NSTARTSW
 
Not Starts With
 
 
 
ENDSW
 
Ends With
 
 
 
NENDSW
 
Not Ends With
 
 
 
CONTAINS
 
Contains
 
 
 
NCONTAINS
 
Not Contains
- **filter_type** (String) filterType query parameter. The logical operator common to all filter criteria is AND by default, and can be changed by using this parameter.
- **hostname** (String) hostname path parameter. Hostname of the deployed node.
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.

### Read-Only

- **item** (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))
- **items** (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- **fqdn** (String)
- **hostname** (String)
- **ip_address** (String)
- **node_status** (String)
- **roles** (List of String)
- **services** (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- **fqdn** (String)
- **hostname** (String)
- **ip_address** (String)
- **node_status** (String)
- **roles** (List of String)
- **services** (List of String)


