---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ciscoise_backup_restore Resource - terraform-provider-ciscoise"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  It performs create operation on Backup And Restore.
  - Triggers a configuration DB restore job on the ISE node. The API returns the task ID. Use the Task Service status API
  to get the status of the backup job
---

# ciscoise_backup_restore (Resource)

It performs create operation on Backup And Restore.
- Triggers a configuration DB restore job on the ISE node. The API returns the task ID. Use the Task Service status API
to get the status of the backup job

~>Warning: This resource does not represent a real-world entity in Cisco ISE, therefore changing or deleting this resource on its own has no immediate effect. Instead, it is a task part of a Cisco ISE workflow. It is executed in ISE without any additional verification. It does not check if it was executed before or if a similar configuration or action already existed previously.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "ciscoise_backup_restore" "example" {
  provider = ciscoise
  lifecycle {
    create_before_destroy = true
  }
  parameters {
    backup_encryption_key = "string"
    repository_name       = "string"
    restore_file          = "string"
    restore_include_adeos = "string"
  }

}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **parameters** (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) it is a container o ISE API parameters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters))

### Optional

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.

### Read-Only

- **item** (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))
- **last_updated** (String) Unix timestamp records the last time that the resource was updated.

<a id="nestedblock--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Optional:

- **backup_encryption_key** (String) The encryption key which was provided at the time of taking backup.
- **repository_name** (String) Name of the configred repository where the backup file exists.
- **restore_file** (String) Name of the backup file to be restored on ISE node.
- **restore_include_adeos** (String) Determines whether the ADE-OS configure is restored. Possible values true, false


<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- **id** (String)
- **link** (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--item--link))
- **message** (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--item--link"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item.link`

Read-Only:

- **href** (String)
- **rel** (String)
- **type** (String)


