---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ciscoise_trustsec_vn_vlan_mapping_bulk_update Resource - terraform-provider-ciscoise"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  It performs create operation on vnVlanMapping.
  - Update VN-Vlan Mappings in bulk
---

# ciscoise_trustsec_vn_vlan_mapping_bulk_update (Resource)

It performs create operation on vnVlanMapping.
- Update VN-Vlan Mappings in bulk

~>Warning: This resource does not represent a real-world entity in Cisco ISE, therefore changing or deleting this resource on its own has no immediate effect. Instead, it is a task part of a Cisco ISE workflow. It is executed in ISE without any additional verification. It does not check if it was executed before or if a similar configuration or action already existed previously.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "ciscoise_trustsec_vn_vlan_mapping_bulk_update" "example" {
  provider = ciscoise
  lifecycle {
    create_before_destroy = true
  }
  parameters {
    payload {
      id              = "string"
      is_data         = "false"
      is_default_vlan = "false"
      last_update     = "string"
      max_value       = 1
      name            = "string"
      vn_id           = "string"
      vn_name         = "string"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **parameters** (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) it is a container o ISE API parameters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters))

### Optional

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.

### Read-Only

- **item** (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item))
- **last_updated** (String) Unix timestamp records the last time that the resource was updated.

<a id="nestedblock--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Optional:

- **payload** (Block List) Array of RequestVnVLANMappingBulkUpdateVnVlanMappings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameters--payload))

<a id="nestedblock--parameters--payload"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.payload`

Optional:

- **id** (String) Identifier of the VN-Vlan Mapping
- **is_data** (String) Flag which indicates whether the Vlan is data or voice type
- **is_default_vlan** (String) Flag which indicates if the Vlan is default
- **last_update** (String) Timestamp for the last update of the VN-Vlan Mapping
- **max_value** (Number) Max value
- **name** (String) Name of the Vlan
- **vn_id** (String) Identifier for the associated Virtual Network which is required unless its name is provided
- **vn_name** (String) Name of the associated Virtual Network to be used for identity if id is not provided



<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- **id** (String)


